#### Background Introduction：

Peptide fragments with anti-tyrosinase activity were collected in the Website of Science database. 100 distinct conformers of these peptides were produce by using the script called  ***Conformers generation and optimization.ipynb***.

When multiple peptides are present, the ***Merged multiple SDF as one.ipynb*** script is used to merge the multiple sdf files into 1, which is then submitted to Pharmit for pharmacophore query.

Next, the potential peptides from protein hydrolysis also generated 100 different conformations. And the bioactive peptide and potential peptides both send to the Pharmit website.  The conformers of bioactive peptide (ECGYF) gotten from docking analysis with tyrosinase is used as a pattern to match a large number of potential peptides and bioactive peptide. And the degree of matching of the potential peptides is used as a reference to screen out possible, peptides with similar anti-tyrosinase functions.

Here, 33 docking complex were stored in ***complex.zip***, which were send to Pharmit as pattern to match the other bioactive peptides and ptential peptides.

#### Calculation of CHA score:

The script ***Calculation of CHA.ipynb*** implements a fast calculation of common his approach (CHA) scores for a large number of peptides downloaded from Pharmit.

Nice instructions on how to use it are provided in the script. Simply run the code blocks in sequence as prompted and you're done!  

Some hit sdf downloaded from Pharmit (Such as the files in folder ***.//output//PPYhit***) and a library uploaded to Pharmit within sdf.gz format (i.e.  ***.//output//PPY-2.sdf*** ) are required as input files for the script.

#### Calculation of CCA score:

The script ***Calculation of CCA.ipynb*** is used to perform conformers coverage approach (CCA) score calculations on the collected hit conformations downloaded from Pharmit.

The input file to this script consists of the downloaded hit sdf file and the csv file  (i.e. ***pep cfreq report.csv*** which stored in the folder ***.//PPY***) obtained by script ***Calculation of CHA.ipynb***.

#### Data Introduction:

An example file for the script is also provided in this folder. A brief description about this data is given below:

The ***.//output//PPY-2.sdf*** which containing 99 conformers generated by RDKit and commit to Pharmit as sdf.gz for pharmacophore model matching.

The sdf files which hit ECGYF conformers were saved in ***.//output//PPYhit***. PPY is an biopeptide with anti-tyrosinase activity also. The PPYhit folder stored 7 sdf files. These conformations were collected through 33 ECGYF pharmacophore model queries.

The ***PPY*** folder holds the output of the script. 